Pmm 12499 inventory basic cluster view (#1148)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/dashboards/dashboard-inventory.md

- **Incident response**: When an issue or incident occurs, understanding the node-service relationship helps in troubleshooting. You can quickly identify which nodes and services are affected and focus your efforts on resolving the problem.

#### Cluster view

> Starting with PMM 2.40.0, you can effortlessly group services into clusters based on the labels with the **Organize by Clusters** toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with PMM 2.40.0, you can choose to view a group of services as a single cluster  with the **Organize by Clusters** toggle. PMM uses the `cluster` label to display services under the same cluster.
```
